# my-data-analysis


* Masters Thesis Title: *Behavioural Analytics and Prediction with eCommerce Transactional Data*
  - *Masters Thesis Final PMcMahon.pdf* : Main thesis report explaining all project work undertaken.
  - *DataExploration.pdf* : R code used to explore the data variables etc.
  - *AggregatedRegression.pdf* : R code used to run machine learning techniques on the aggregated form of the data.
  - *FullDataMixedModel.pdf* : R code used to fit a series of mixed models (with fixed and random effects) to the full data.
  - *SurveyDataAnalysis.pdf* : R code used to extract sentiment from the comments in the survey dataset.
<br>
<br>

* Spatial Databases. This was a module that focussed on creating choropleth maps, overlaying data (generated by SQL queries) on maps using OpenStreetMaps and also heatmap generation.
  - *SQLQueries.sql* : This is a bank of SQL queries built up over the course of the module. It begins with select queries using regular expressions and the creation of tables. Where there is latitude and longitude coordinates in the data it's possible to use more complex SQL queries e.g. to list the distance from a certain point or report the objects of interest within a certain geograpical area.
  - *osm-with-points_dublinbikestations* : This is a map showing the locations of the "Dublin Bikes" stations overlaid on Open Street Maps.
  - *point-in-polygon_dublinbikestations* : This is a map showing the locations of the "Dublin Bikes" stations per each electoral area.
  - *heatmap_dublinbikestations* : This is a heatmap showing the proximity of the "Dublin Bikes" stations to one another.
<br>
<br>

* SAS Code written to analyse a set of historical FBI data on the number of Firearms licences per U.S. state (use Notepad to view).
  - firearmsProjectDataExploration.sas : screening for missing values, field formatting, graphing trends, data aggregation
  - firearmsProjectDataVisualisation.sas : producing plots to show trends over time, states with largest values and comparison of data per year.
<br>
<br>

* *BigDataAndDataBrokerage.pdf* : This was an assignment from a module called Critical Data Studies. It looks at the ethics of Big Data and the Data Brokerage industry i.e. the buying and selling of our data between companies.
<br>
<br>

* *londonHousePricePredictionProject.pdf* : This was an assignment tasked with finding the most reliable determinants of property prices for a historical set of mortgage data for the greater London area.
<br>
<br>

* *dubVoter_assignment.pdf/dubVoter.pdf* : The dataset used here is from the 2002 General Election. The objective is to explore the variables (employment status, education level, home owner/renter, age demographic) that influence voter turnout. dubVoter.pdf contains the R Markdown output and figures that are referenced in dubVoter_assignment.pdf.
<br>
<br>
